Add changelog for v1.2.1 (#968)
auth0/terraform-provider-auth0: CHANGELOG.md

## v1.2.1

ENHANCEMENTS:

> - `resource/auth0_role`: Update role permission and permissions documentation ([#963](https://github.com/auth0/terraform-provider-auth0/pull/963))

Reviewer: This isn't really an enhancement in terms of functionality. Perhaps we can add it under a NOTES section and be more specific in terms of what was changed / added.

> - `data-source/auth0_organization`: Refactor organization-related pagination method from `'Offset pagination'` to `'Checkpoint pagination'` ([#965](https://github.com/auth0/terraform-provider-auth0/pull/965))

Reviewer: This wasn't done just for the data source, but for other resources as well related to organizations.

BUG FIXES:

> - `resource/auth0_organization_member`: Fix pagination for `auth0_organization_member` import/Create limit ([#964](https://github.com/auth0/terraform-provider-auth0/pull/964))

Reviewer: Can we make what changed more clear? 

```suggestion
- `resource/auth0_organization_member`: Resolve an issue where organization members were searched among a limited paginated result ([#964](https://github.com/auth0/terraform-provider-auth0/pull/964))
```

## v1.2.1

ENHANCEMENTS:

> - `data-source/auth0_organization`: Refactor organization-related pagination method from `'Offset pagination'` to `'Checkpoint pagination'` ([#965](https://github.com/auth0/terraform-provider-auth0/pull/965))

Reviewer: Maybe we can just say "Switch from offset pagination to checkpoint pagination when listing organizations/members" to remove the 1000 result limit

- `resource/auth0_organization`: Refactor organization-related pagination method from `'Offset pagination'` to `'Checkpoint pagination'` ([#965](https://github.com/auth0/terraform-provider-auth0/pull/965))

> - `resource/auth0_organization_members`: Refactor organization-related pagination method from `'Offset pagination'` to `'Checkpoint pagination'` ([#965](https://github.com/auth0/terraform-provider-auth0/pull/965))

Reviewer: It seems line 7 and 8 are duplicated.

- `resource/auth0_organization_members`: Refactor organization-related pagination method from `'Offset pagination'` to `'Checkpoint pagination'` ([#965](https://github.com/auth0/terraform-provider-auth0/pull/965))

> - `sweeper/organizations`: : Refactor organization-related pagination method from `'Offset pagination'` to `'Checkpoint pagination'` ([#965](https://github.com/auth0/terraform-provider-auth0/pull/965))

Reviewer: The sweeper is just for local development, no need to mention this.
